.\" Manpage for C_sources.                                                                                              
.\" Contact maxime.menigoz@epitech.eu, nai-david.dong@epitech.eu, kevin.lopes@epitech.eu, alexis.abraham@epitech.eu or julien1.audurier@epitech.eu for any bug comment or help.                                                                                   
.TH man 1 " 2014" "1.0" "nautiluSH man page"

.SH NAME
nautiluSH

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
\fB./nautiluSH\fR
.P

.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
	\fBnautiluSH\fR is a command line interpreter. nautiluSH executes commands read from the standard input or from a file.

.SH AUTOCOMPLETION
\fB<tab>\fR
.br
	autocomplete the binary name or the folder and file names.

.br
	You can use the "*" characater to replace it by all the possibilities.

.SH BUILT-IN
\fBalias\fR
.br
	This function take a string in param and add it in the alias files.

\fBcd [- | PATH]\fR
.br
	change the current directory to the directory in param.
.br
	If you just execute cd without param, your working directory will be your /home/$USER.
.br
	If you use '-' in param, you will be back in your previous working directory ($OLDPWD).

\fBecho [-n]\fR
.br
	display all arguments in the standard output.
.br
		-n : don't show the final '\\n'

\fBenv\fR
.br
	display the environment in the standard output.
.br
	
.br
\fBexit\fR
.br
	It end the application.
.br
	Terminate the process, returning returnCode to the system as the exit status. If returnCode is not specified then it defaults to 0.

\fBhistory\fR
.br
	The history allows you to access to your previous commands with up and down arrows.
.br
		\fBhistory\fR show the history.
.br
		\fB![exp]\fR execute the latest command which match with [exp].
.br
		\fB![number]\fR execute the [number]th command from the beginning of the history.
.br
		\fB!-[number]\fR execute the [number]th command from the end of the history.
.br
		\fBhistory -c\fR erase your history.

\fBsetenv\fR
.br
	add a variable in the environment or modifies the value of an existing variable.
.br
	Usage : setenv [var_name] [value]	

\fBunalias\fR
.br
	This function erase an alias.

\fBunsetenv\fR
.br
	delete a variable in the environement.
.br
	Usage : unsetenv [var_name]

.SH SEPARATORS
.br
	\fB';'\fR is a simple separator of commands.
.br
	\fB'&&'\fR execute the second part only if the first part have been successfully executed.
.br
	\fB'||'\fR execute the second part only if the first part have failed.

.SH \fB$<VARIABLE>\fR
.br
	$<variable> will be replaced by the content of the variable.

.SH \fBREDIRECTIONS\fR
.br
	\fB'>'\fR:
.br
	redirect output to file. The file is created if it does not exist, otherwise it is overwritten.

.br
	\fB'>>'\fR:
.br
	redirect output to file. The file is created if it does not exist, otherwise the data is appended to the existing file.

.br
	\fB'<'\fR:
.br
	put the contents of the file on standard input.

.br
	\fB'<<'\fR:
.br
	This instruction is followed by a 'word'. It's reading from standard input until the first occurrence of 'word'.


.SH \fBPIPE\fR
.br
	'command1' | 'command2'. The standard output of 'command1' is sent to the standard input of 'command2'.
.br

.SH \fBKEYBOARD SHORTCUTS\fR
.br
	alt + backspace : delete the previous word.
.br
	alt + left      : move the cursor to the beginning of the previous word.
.br
	alt + right     : move the cursor to the end of the next word.
.br
	backspace       : delete the previous character.
.br
	ctrl + a        : back to the beginning of the line.
.br
	ctrl + b        : one step back.
.br
	ctrl + e        : go to the end of the line.
.br
	ctrl + f        : one step forward.
.br
	ctrl + h        : delete one character.
.br
	ctrl + l        : clear the term.
.br
	ctrl + left     : move the cursor to the beginning of the previous word.
.br
	ctrl + right    : move the cursor to the end of the next word.
.br
	delete          : delete the character under the cursor.
.br
	down arrow      : move backward in the history. 
.br
	left arrow      : one step back.
.br
	right arrow     : one step forward.
.br
	up arrow        : move forward in the history.
.br


.SH AUTHOR
auduri_a lopes_n menigo_m dong_n abraha_c
